ah
[Music] I
'm protecting myself from reality
you know why today's video
today's video is so much [ __ ] and yes I know the shield may
seem like [ __ ] it doesn't have any protection it's
[ __ ] [ __ ] but well for the allies it's not
necessary anymore they don't
destroy themselves just the song is [ __ ] [ __ ]
the girl has it she can [ __ ] against a
wall in other tile she tells me
and the rest the funniest thing is that
after all the death that I'm
giving this [ __ ] [ __ ] they call timoo it's like
here to put batteries you have to have
a little piece of paper that takes it off and it
has a battery but what the [ __ ] does
a shield need a battery for
this is much less than I expected
sir it's that this has sound and everything I
[ __ ] on the [ __ ] now it's worth the 30
for you it cost me well let's see
not very well it scratches a lot with the intro
okay because today's video has
a lot of information okay I have to give you a lot of information I don't even know how I'm going to accompany it in the video I don't even know in what order I'm going to give it okay I
just made a compilation and I'm
going to be here  reading okay so
this is going to be an easy video okay
easier than a video on the
corrector channel I'll explain it to you as you already know I
hope you know okay it
turns out that well I'll do it is this is a
girl who has had a relationship with
another well known youtuber named
Dallas and this girl well accuses him of being
an abuser okay this girl goes
around saying that there is
an abused woman but
she is also very serious and she
insists on saying that well she wants
everyone to believe that she was an
abused woman recently she published a photo
saying that well this was the
proof not 100% irrefutable that she
has died that she had already been an
abused girl and it was that she was canine because
if we can like this well maybe I
support my canine photos not here you can
see when I when I was an
abused boy abused by society
okay because I didn't eat a red dot
in fact it has been well to investigate a
little okay investigate a little just a
little no no I don't have a life I don't have
life so what she's done is a
couple of searches and go over twitter to
see what tweets and posts
this girl may have posted while she
was in a relationship with this other guy
and to see if there's been abuse here or not there's
been abuse no way let's not
play around what I've done has been three or
four searches for the name dallas the
name my boyfriend mar of well of things
like that not relationship stuff on
mieres' twitter and I went looking for copper and I found
gold gold cloth what I found for
example I found things of her
fighting with kilos that I've
said this on many occasions and this well
found a ton of tweets that
prove my theory it's a shame that
here of stretching out in the account for [ __ ]
harassed [ __ ] is worth strips in her
old twitter account and we can't
read the tweets about equines because it would be
interesting to see what things she posted to him
but well this more or less confirms it in
fact I have a ton of garbage
downloaded but that would give for another life
part surely this week also
a video apart only from what I've
found about care  but let's not
digress any further let's go read the
tweets related to his relationship with
dallas nothing better than spending the afternoon
dallas grilling dallas orange blossom the dust has spread
I wonder if in this time in
2014 the joke didn't exist yet not to
have to ask your partner this
on twitter because then this girl is the
typical one who then complains about people who
talk about other people's lives I mean it's
you asking your [ __ ]
boyfriend if the sex he did did him good he
explained it
in a double entendre it wasn't that I
'm not understanding it he's not talking about the
dust on the furniture the
bookshelf that he doesn't wipe it no no I don't
know what double entendre well have done
thanks for everything dallas look how cool what
my boy did for me well no I don't
think it's cool in fact it seems to me in fact it seems like
[ __ ] [ __ ] I mean like
[ __ ] it's a good thing it's not a
real tattoo no less bad it's a tattoo
done with a computer marker because oh
my god if people get tattoos  I would have
done it for real yes yes I would have
considered it if I had considered it part
of abuse poor thing all those
dogs that at the beginning of the
2000s became tribal on the
back and things like that to this day they
still have them from reaching my
present is perfect it is that he is
perfect so I can't say a
quality I have already told you that I adore you
Dallas random
Dallas talk to you anything I
am talking to you on skype
they are from Dallas what's going on you don't love me anymore
you are a sexist and superficial already
taken into account but I will do it by this
time I will do it I hated what
feminism gives radical feminism does not end
but as some of us call it not of her she
is making fun of okay basically
because someone catches you between you and
is making fun of the family so
they are an insult to real feminism
look at what another thing mos you can't see those who
[ __ ] monkeys have given me Dallas and she
has some [ __ ] donkeys ears
how much kneaded them much more than
you can imagine  you are mine sincerely
dallas p.s. and I you I and she
answers I love you
I'm starting to realize the
abuse that the girl is suffering I don't
understand now I understand that she is
very weak not because imagine to
put so much [ __ ] on twitter because
these girls are not well
fed and that's why they don't get water well there are
not many of us but maybe between all of us we will
do it a little spam to dallas
with a hashtag a [ __ ] for me I will do dude what do you
think I throw what point I said is
this girl giving me I mean like asking for
a [ __ ] with a hashtag on the internet be
asking
asking that you not give sex through a
hashtag to your followers on twitter
big brother has been left on another level
after checking your twitter I will really do what a
[ __ ] kringe michiko dallas
azahar tells me some things that there I am
wasting my strength on pampering dallas azahar you
came out so sexy that now that you are
far away you don't stop repeating the video to
touch me [ __ ] and that's even though I already have good
memories let's see I understand that the age
of  adolescence was more horny
than usual not like I don't know I
remember when I had to give you have to
look at that four or five years ago look
here I was 17 18 years old so at 17 I
was hornier with a
whip in the ear I'm not going to tell you
no but I would put this stuff
on twitter won't it be a little embarrassing I do
n't have
pictures of talas as my lock screen background now that I think about it
anyone who knows him won't
think I'm crazy no no no no no no no no no I won't pretend
who's going to think
that you're crazy for anything at all
girl lately al azhar and I have
been playing practical jokes
careful here the abuse begins it's like we
started with piquet silly and today we
put soap in each other's eyes here
is the [ __ ] evidence of the abuse
the gentleman has
taken this into account this evidence will
amaze me because this is one hundred percent
come on here there's no doubt that he
abused you allow me to put you on me
there I spent four hours playing gta
5 with look at them chance today another three and
that simply  it's happiness well look
girl I don't know, they're not from weissen
abuse the same as running and stealing
a motorcycle from you in GTA no that your yes that it is
a [ __ ] how [ __ ] feel
literally like 7 will suck a finger well what a
shitty [ __ ] I give it's
eye of the day it's because you have to
tell us so explicitly everything you
talk about with your boyfriend but the thing is that there is
one thing that you don't know, yes it
is true that I have told it in
some other direct video and that is that she
exposed me to audios and showed me messages
from when she was with Dallas which was around
this time and she gave me to
understand that he was a slob that smelled
bad that he didn't wash and it's like okay it's like
okay I believe you no he didn't shower he didn't
smell very bad
well here she won't stop saying things about
[ __ ] that she would take him to bed with you those
things so many black people what do you care
be attentive to this thread because this and the
Mayans this thread is pure abuse I have
the best boyfriend in the world he is adorable
even when fai lea doing
cute things and says dallas to her  the file is you
who wants us some 500 euro headphones how
would I know love is that
last month you already spent 2000 on my
computer these expensive gifts
hurt me to a thousand it hurts her it must
be hurting him yes
with everything that's going on now every
time he remembers some of the little
gifts he gave you this one hurts it hurts your
[ __ ] it burns I'm going to tell you we're
going to get this guy out but he
sucks her blood I'm not talking about
direct promotion or talking about
directly my videos or that they are my
videos now also behind her
videos behind every video she made I
was there telling her what to put
what to change how to make it more
fluid she practically didn't know how to
edit I helped her a lot
even in her thumbnails that for those of you who
have seen her channel at the beginning was very
ugly her grandchildren we're talking about
thanks to him she had her job his channel
taught her to edit her promotion
the [ __ ] and on top of that he bought you a [ __ ]
2,000 euro computer look at the
other day I was saying  I'm going to play the
best role I've ever played in my life, that
of an abused woman, but it's not even that,
because to do these days, at
least
at least try to eliminate these
points, you couldn't sleep today for
some reason, I was very nervous and
restless and my boyfriend made me a warm cola cao
and brought it to me in bed. This, this
without abuse, a cola cao to bed,
this thing about being a [ __ ] abused man of
young people, no, take the Nesquik, dude, bring him some
Nesquik, what a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ]
person you have to be to bring him
cola cao and the girl and swallowing all the
groups that you've eaten well now I'm going to
give my opinion, really, of what I
see, okay, I'll tell you, okay, I'm not the
judge, okay, the judge said that she wasn't an
abused girl, I'm going to say how I
interpret the story, okay,
these three didn't need too much to not
change my opinion at all, yes, they have
made me quite a lot of fun, no, because
as my mother, aunt, how badly you have
set yourself up and here what I have seen
is a girl, she is a young girl, value, add young
that catches her attention can she have a
boyfriend youtube the famous okay still
youtuber with acquaintances told me 'I have a
partner
at your feet not only watching all
twist but watching a lot of live shows
that are out there summarized and such what I
perceive is
that the two of them both were quite in love that they loved each other very much if I had to choose in your family and in my own way who would you choose I will do it a thousand times and a thousand times more for nothing it is seen at no
time that it is the girl who is having a
bad time either during the time they
were together we do not even see a
toxic relationship that of these relationships
that she cuts off or that they have several breakups we also do not
see a couple in which there is
necessarily a lot of jealousy in
fact there is more jealousy on her part
than on the part of the ballet on
her part because she is always complaining that
girls approach and ask her for
photos and things like that that I am kissing
my partner on my birthday with my
family and bng a group of girls
coincidences on top of that it is a lack of
respect and she has had me there is a bat and I had
also exploded with the children well the
same  the breakup issue
could know everything how it went it turns
out that he finds some
conversations with her on the computer
then start making a
terrible plan where her mother was going to come to my
house without my permission while they
were on vacation
her mother was going to pick up all the things
from my house if I was going to take them to sugar
and then when I and I
returned from vacation
she would tell me today very just a moment to my
house she was leaving she would block me and I never
heard from her again well that I left him
but basically and then from home
without talking to him without giving him
explanations just to take
the road and leave your mother basically
told her to take advantage of the
situation to be selfish and to take
advantage of me with everything they were
doing when he finds those
conversations then he leaves her and even then
after that possibly maintaining a
relationship of friends for a while
but on the subject when she was
planning to leave him with him I have
a doubt here and it is that I have two theories
because Dallas says that that
conversation exists is where she plans to
leave them where she is saying that it disgusts her
a lot like an angel the rbs but
then  yes we see that she may have
broken up with him she spends a lot of
time crawling around trying to
get back with him and he
's the one who's flirting with her and the one who has
no interest in getting back with her
I'm totally clear that she wouldn't have
approached him if he hadn't
been a
more or less well-known youtuber she told me 'I have a
partner and there I was here and his guides
and before being with Dallas he was with
another man I had the acquaintance at the time
but during the relationship like I'm
saying I see there two kids
in love both her and him
so I don't know if it's that she suddenly
stops loving him doesn't want to be with him
and then when they break up she regrets
having lost him and goes after birds and
manages to get him back the truth is that
she really didn't stop loving him and in truth she didn't
want to leave him that it was all the mother's business
that the mother was behind her
stirring things up and pulling the strings of
the daughter in some way because yes it's
true that you already know that the mother that the
mother has a lot of tough stuff there have been
many people this week who
were commenting on several tweets of the
past my area where it is clearly seen
that it is not that she was in an
abusive relationship and pay attention to what
the mother retweets pay attention or do you think that
abuse consists only of hitting or
that they do not stop to think that they are trying to
gain your trust and convince you that you
want to convince you that they
love them a lot of care as they forced him
well this as they forced me
surely fall in love with him of course
yes honey abuse is a role-playing game
with strategy and you all know what
psychological abuse is it does not
stop being some [ __ ] [ __ ] look
lady please
Anna Bolena
and the next thing is lady please
and then at the moment that it is clear
that the other does not want to return with her
the issue of controversy begins not at the
moment that the breakup is made public and
both begin each against their
version I repeat that I am not a judge
nor am I part of the relationship to sign
something one hundred percent I am not
saying what I believe is worth what I
perceive and I do believe that these girls could have
invented not only abuse
but also suddenly
holding on to the feminist movement she has
become the most feminist in the world, a
movement that she used to criticize
a lot and now suddenly she
thinks the opposite many of these
girls say they fight for equality,
which would be their thing, but they are not really
fighting for equality because look at her
description on twitter where she puts
penises to death and I think that she
has really used all those
feminists, well, feminist, not super
feminist, to carry out her fight to
destroy Dallas and play the role of
abused women, in fact, quite
hypocritical because she is now doing
everything that she has already criticized, what do you
think of the units that
insulted your girlfriend for the fact of
being your girlfriend? Well, what's there and they
show how feminist they really
are because they talk so much about
women's freedom but I am not free to
choose who I want to
go out with, as if it also seems that they
know me best
and I know my boyfriend I know that he treats me
like a [ __ ], that he is the person who has
ever treated me the best, that he has given me a
lot of things and that since I
met him my life has
completely improved so I can choose
who I go out with because  I am free and I don't
have to be judged by who I
fell in love with, I say for example mind click just
saw not to criticize people
for not letting them lead the relationship for for
believing people know their
partner more than them it's that this is
incredible I will do not basically the
same as you have respected and if not and he
took he passed all the information to my
ex and Berga so that he would take missiles of will
release a video titled the
mysterious person from Dallas the dissipate with we
did it and not much patience is called that I
tell you sincerely I see her
capable of inventing whatever okay and if
you looked at the story a little we already know
how good it is that she is capable of inventing whatever
tell what I will do now as if like
the victim they just attacked me in the [ __ ]
street because I was alone I had to go
back home and with a point punch
this is what you wanted here you have it
me defamed you without defending myself they have
forced me and now I have nothing left
thank you start tests messages are that
has happened to you to Maria like
what give me whatsapp please if the  it
ends up where it docks and instead of calling
the police what she does is send me an
email to make me feel sorry for her and the details that
made me feel so sorry for her at this moment despite
everything I had done, I already felt
so sorry for her at this moment and on top of that she
unblocks me from WhatsApp and when I
desperately tell her to please go to
the police and report them that -according to them they
can catch them- she tells me that they
punched her because she didn't have anything
on her but she did have her cell phone very
good the first things they steal from you
when they are going to rob you plus she
had it threatened precisely when it
connected when the whole thing started now
if you make a single indirect thing about me I
will report her if you say [ __ ] about me I will
know and I will report you and you will wonder
why report me because obviously
what she is doing and trying to
cut me off through the gender violence law
that you all know where no
evidence of any kind is necessary to
accuse your ex partner man also what the
[ __ ] that line already showed ways
since she was younger look at what she
said in a live with Dallas ago
quite some time ago when
the following situation was put on the table
we have a philosophy teacher who is
sexist xenophobic homophobic
ellipsis if we have no idea how to
give him an idea then I told the
director and if you want I know for sure that they will
expel him from the pisco trying to play
[Laughter]
but those who like 6 a complaint against the
plan to record it in the teacher's classes
then
put it to record on a sound recorder and
then it is something very serious against him
on purpose that separates the purpose and you
tell him that we are a martyr and I
really do not understand I do not understand a
[ __ ] [ __ ] there is this obsession and this
illness to destroy your ex partner or
rather I am like
I have broken up with my ex girlfriends and each
one of us has continued our lives in
our own way we have been left there is a
thorn there is an obsession to destroy
life because this girl wants to
destroy life or rather it is no longer
her to look better than the one that he ends up
as the bad guy and she is
normal that she directly wants to
destroy life she wants him to run
out of money she wants him  I'm out of
work because on many occasions he has
asked for his channel to be closed he wants
his public image to be that of an
abuser, a pedophile, a
stalker and what the [ __ ] does he want to put him in
[ __ ] jail so nothing gentlemen there's little
more to add to this okay I think
the three speak for themselves, let each one
continue thinking, in fact I don't even know
why the [ __ ] there are still
people who believe what this girl says
this girl is one of the biggest liars I've
come across on youtube and honestly
I think that the people who support her didn't
even believe her I think the people who
support him do it because they have some kind of
hatred against the other and it's simply
not that they believe her but that they
have to hold on to that because they continue
throwing [ __ ] at the other and because they hate him I do
n't know in my theory is that another thing doesn't
fit I don't know few and every night
live on you know okay so we can
exchange opinions and draw more
conclusions that several heads think
more than one and until the next video which
will be very soon